Abstract
--------
WebID 1.0
Web Identification and Discovery

Identification and privacy have been at the center of how we interact
with sites on the Web. The explosion of Websites over the last decade
and a half has created a point of pain for anyone that uses the Web on a
regular basis. Remembering login details, passwords, and sharing private
information across the many websites that people use on a daily basis
has become more difficult and complicated than necessary. This
specification outlines a simple universal identification mechanism that
is distributed, openly extensible, improves privacy, security and
control over how one can identify themselves and control access to their
information on the Web.

Source
------

You can read, branch and modify the source code for this specification via
github:

https://github.com/webid-community/webid-spec

Feedback
--------

Don't e-mail patches to the editors, don't send tweets, IMs, or e-mails.
Log bugs if you want to request changes to the spec, it is the only way
you can make sure that your input will be tracked and considered by
the group:

https://github.com/webid-community/webid-spec/issues

When logging an issue, be very specific about the problem and the
exact change and wording that you would like to suggest. The easier
you make changing the spec, the more likely that your change will be
placed into the specification.

Contributing
------------

To directly contribute to the specification:

1. You MUST modify the 'index-respec.html' file via github - it is the
   primary source document.
2. You MUST agree to transferring the specification text to a governing
   specification body such as the IETF or W3C when the time comes to
   transition the documents to an official specification.
3. You MUST NOT add in any text that you know to be in violation of a trade
   secret, patent or other form of intellectual property.
4. Understand that this will be a patent and royalty-free specification and
   no payment will be made to any of the editors, authors or contributors. That
   said, millions of people will be thankful for your contribution in ensuring
   that the web continutes to be accessible in a patent and royalty-free way.
5. You will want to become familiar with ReSpec before you edit the
   'index-respec.html' file. Documentation for respec is available here:
   http://dev.w3.org/2009/dap/ReSpec.js/documentation.html

